

# Engine

A Delphix Virtualization or Masking Engine.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The Engine object entity ID. |  [optional]
**uuid** | **String** | The unique identifier generated by this engine. |  [optional]
**type** | [**TypeEnum**](#TypeEnum) | The type of this engine. |  [optional]
**version** | **String** | The engine version. |  [optional]
**name** | **String** | The name of this engine. |  [optional]
**hostname** | **String** | The hostname of this engine. |  [optional]
**registrationStatus** | [**RegistrationStatusEnum**](#RegistrationStatusEnum) | The registration status of this engine. |  [optional]
**connectionStatus** | [**ConnectionStatusEnum**](#ConnectionStatusEnum) | The connection status of this engine. |  [optional]
**lastConnectionTime** | **OffsetDateTime** | The last time a connection was established with this engine. |  [optional]
**bootStorageCapacity** | **Long** | The total amount of storage allocated to the engine&#39;s boot partition, in bytes. |  [optional]
**cpuCoreCount** | **Integer** | The total number of CPU cores on this engine. |  [optional]
**cpuType** | **String** | The model of the processors on this engine. |  [optional]
**memorySize** | **Long** | The total amount of memory on this engine, in bytes. |  [optional]
**dataStorageCapacity** | **Long** | The total amount of storage allocated for engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. |  [optional]
**dataStorageUsed** | **Long** | The amount of storage used by engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. |  [optional]
**tags** | [**List&lt;Tag&gt;**](Tag.md) |  |  [optional]



## Enum: TypeEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
VIRTUALIZATION | &quot;VIRTUALIZATION&quot;
MASKING | &quot;MASKING&quot;
BOTH | &quot;BOTH&quot;
UNSET | &quot;UNSET&quot;



## Enum: RegistrationStatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
CONNECTED | &quot;CONNECTED&quot;
PENDING | &quot;PENDING&quot;



## Enum: ConnectionStatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
ONLINE | &quot;ONLINE&quot;
OFFLINE | &quot;OFFLINE&quot;



