

# RegisteredEngine

A registered engine's connection and authentication settings.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The Engine object entity ID. |  [optional] [readonly]
**uuid** | **String** | The unique identifier generated by this engine. |  [optional]
**type** | [**TypeEnum**](#TypeEnum) | The type of this engine. |  [optional]
**version** | **String** | The engine version. |  [optional]
**name** | **String** | The name of this engine. | 
**sshPublicKey** | **String** | The ssh public key of this engine. |  [optional]
**hostname** | **String** | The hostname of this engine. | 
**cpuCoreCount** | **Integer** | The total number of CPU cores on this engine. |  [optional]
**memorySize** | **Long** | The total amount of memory on this engine, in bytes. |  [optional]
**dataStorageCapacity** | **Long** | The total amount of storage allocated for engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. |  [optional]
**dataStorageUsed** | **Long** | The amount of storage used by engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. |  [optional]
**insecureSsl** | **Boolean** | Allow connections to the engine over HTTPs without validating the TLS certificate. Even though the connection to the engine might be performed over HTTPs, setting this property eliminates the protection against a man-in-the-middle attach for connections to this engine. Instead, consider creating a truststore with a Certificate Authority to validate the engine&#39;s certificate, and set the truststore_path propery.  |  [optional]
**unsafeSslHostnameCheck** | **Boolean** | Ignore validation of the name associated to the TLS certificate when connecting to the engine over HTTPs. Setting this value must only be done if the TLS certificate of the engine does not match the hostname, and the TLS configuration of the engine cannot be fixed. Setting this property reduces the protection against a man-in-the-middle attack for connections to this engine. This is ignored if insecure_ssl is set.  |  [optional]
**truststoreFilename** | **String** | File name of a truststore which can be used to validate the TLS certificate of the engine. The truststore must be available at /etc/config/certs/&lt;truststore_filename&gt;  |  [optional]
**truststorePassword** | **String** | Password to read the truststore.  |  [optional]
**status** | [**StatusEnum**](#StatusEnum) | the status of the engine  |  [optional] [readonly]
**connectionStatus** | [**ConnectionStatusEnum**](#ConnectionStatusEnum) | The status of the connection to the engine. |  [optional] [readonly]
**connectionStatusDetails** | **String** | If set, details about the status of the connection to the engine. |  [optional] [readonly]
**username** | **String** | The virtualization domain admin username. |  [optional]
**password** | **String** | The virtualization domain admin password. |  [optional]
**maskingUsername** | **String** | The masking admin username. |  [optional]
**maskingPassword** | **String** | The masking admin password. |  [optional]
**hashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the virtualization username for the engine. |  [optional]
**hashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the masking username for the engine. |  [optional]
**hashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the virtualization password for the engine. |  [optional]
**hashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the masking password for the engine. |  [optional]
**maskingHashicorpVaultId** | **Long** | Reference to the Hashicorp vault to use to retrieve masking engine credentials. |  [optional]
**hashicorpVaultId** | **Long** | Reference to the Hashicorp vault to use to retrieve virtualization engine credentials. |  [optional]
**tags** | [**List&lt;Tag&gt;**](Tag.md) | The tags to be created for this engine. |  [optional]
**maskingMemoryUsed** | **Long** | The current amount of memory used by running masking jobs in bytes. |  [optional]
**maskingAllocatedMemory** | **Long** | The maximum amount of memory available for running masking jobs in bytes. |  [optional]
**maskingJobsRunning** | **Integer** | The number of masking jobs currently running. |  [optional]
**maskingMaxConcurrentJobs** | **Integer** | The maximum number of masking jobs that can be running at the same time. |  [optional]
**maskingAvailableCores** | **Integer** | The number of CPU cores available to the masking engine. |  [optional]



## Enum: TypeEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
VIRTUALIZATION | &quot;VIRTUALIZATION&quot;
MASKING | &quot;MASKING&quot;
BOTH | &quot;BOTH&quot;
UNSET | &quot;UNSET&quot;



## Enum: StatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
CREATED | &quot;CREATED&quot;
DELETING | &quot;DELETING&quot;



## Enum: ConnectionStatusEnum

Name | Value
---- | -----
ONLINE | &quot;ONLINE&quot;
OFFLINE | &quot;OFFLINE&quot;



